What's up?
Regret
roll
I don't regret you go away
Get away from me
This seat really didn't expect
Since there are really people who can bear the soul
Burning pain
Hold on to death
Hahaha
This shows that
You demons
Not invincible anymore
at least
Even me.
I can also take your words as farts
I can forgive you for ignoring
Demons respect the strong
You have a gift.
I can give you another chance hahaha.
Ah!
You think beautifully
Want to convince me to deal with the third brother
Let me guess.
You won't.
You won't now
Can't you shoot yet?
Hahahaha, looks like I guessed it right.
You don't even dare to do bullying
Don't you dare not even do the right thing?
You are not a coward yet
Then there is no way.
Then you'd better die.
You rubbish
Maybe your third brother thinks so too
After all
Who would want a dog that always follows them?
I'm going to fuck you white
Isn't that fair still a husband and wife with others?
What are you?
Maybe they've been thinking
Why don't you die?
When are you going to die?
If you die, they can shut up.
Hahaha, I'll kill you.
I'll kill you!
Then you continue to deceive yourself
Wait a minute.
i
I promise you.
But I have one condition.
Good idea.
If you can do it
Yes, if I can do it.
I want his heart
Certainly!
So now
Go kill someone for me first
Drink it
Grandpa grandpa
Grandpa
Ye Ye Xuan has become the prince
We brought the Zhenguo sword back, grandpa
Grandpa
Strange grandpa is not there
He has never left here in all these years
Did the demon come here?
He won't be in danger, won't he?
Grandpa is a sword fairy
It'll be alright
Maybe he went out to relax
Xin'er if you are not at ease
We stayed for the night
If grandpa doesn't come back tomorrow
We left him a letter
Let him see that he will go to Shangjing to find you in the future
Well, that's it.